Tech note about babeldown::deepl_update() (#711)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2024-02-09-deepl-update-babeldown/index.Rmd

The French document is the French document was it was in that same commit snapshot.

We have the "new English document" and what's missing is the "new French document".
We want that new French document to use as much as possible of the old French document, only using an automatic translation for the parts that are new.

The function uses an XML representation of the documents, as created by [tinkr](https://docs.ropensci.org/tinkr).
A necessary condition for using `babeldown::deepl_update()` is that the old English document and the old French document need to have the same XML structure: say, one heading followed by two paragraphs then a list.

For each child of the body of the new English document (a paragraph, a list, a heading...), `babeldown::deepl_update()` tries finding the same tag in the old English document ([identified by having the same `xml2::xml_text()` and children of the same type](https://github.com/ropensci-review-tools/babeldown/blob/e8ef563eca232f1ba08b84c7bb0f999d4f452938/R/update.R#L136)).
If it finds the same tag, it uses the tag located at the same position in the old French document.
If it does not find it, it sends it to DeepL API.

> A limitation of the approach is that for a list where we changed one item for instance, the whole list would be sent to the API, as opposed to only the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consequence of this approach is that we find the largest matching structural block between two documents. For instance, in  list where we changed one item, the whole list would be re-translated, as opposed to only the item.  However, this also means we use logical blocks, rather than fragments of text as defined by words or line breaks.
```
